<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:00 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to handle events
    for PCI passthrough</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-15'>ziviani</a>,
    13:03:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on
    configuration backup ui, redesign</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-16'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:03:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] updated open power hostos repos on
    github</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-17'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-19'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital submitted patch "Use system's
    nginx proxy service." and is working in V2 (facing some issues in
    Fedora24)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-20'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] peterpennings is working on mocks for new
    features</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-21'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani has been working with
    multifunction PCI passthrough issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-22'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca working on an issue related to
    backup of large files, system times out and the UI displays an error
    message, still investigating cause and possible solutions.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-23'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca submitted patch "Removing the
    config files (using command line) not reflecting in the UI"</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-24'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger]  danielhb is fixing issues flagged as
    '2.3' milestone in Github</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-25'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn resend patch about "set boot
    order". Waiting review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-29'>ramonn</a>,
    13:08:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn sent RFC to "set bootmenu".
    Waiting reply</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-30'>ramonn</a>,
    13:09:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-35'>alinefm</a>, 13:10:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri sent patch for Global Network
    Configuration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-41'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:12:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri sent patch to add scrollbars
    in System Services panels</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-42'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:12:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] samhenri sent mockups for third level
    navigation that should be implemented with Ginger</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-43'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:12:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] samhenri currently working on PCI
    devices when editing guesrs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html#l-44'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:12:41)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:17:40 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (24)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (9)</li>
  <li>pvital (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (5)</li>
  <li>ziviani (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
